Project Todos

1) Tshikaji had a series of requests that Dedrick/Steven wrote down.  We need to
  impliment those.
2) Both the code and program need documentation.  In particular, every scenario 
  must be considered and the steps to model the scenario recorded in our app. It
  would be very helpful to have Mr. Manunga's input and create a part accounting
  and part user manual for BHIMA.
3) A project web site needs to be mapped out, with the project vision stated
  formally and succinctly, the goals/roadmap planned out, and tools to contact
  and download the code provided.
4) A new developer needs to be found to accompany Dedrick next year.  We need to
  plan for both Steven and I being away, since that looks most likely at this
  point.
5) We need to outline very clearly the project's relationship with the
  institutions in which we will install.  How much projectt budget will go
  towards equipment purchases?  How large a team needs to go to install?  What 
  are the protocols for follow up?
6) We need to formalize our budget a bit more.  How much have we spent?  Do we
  expect an influx of funds from another project?  Will we try to tackle more
  goals sooner, and therefore rearrange our timeline, in order to acquire more
  funding?


Things on the Agenda
1) In June (23rd - 24th), a government demonstration of their new system.
a) What is the vision for the government, what is the reason?  They are
  piggybacking on the management of the hospital, they are using it as
  an iface for DHIS2.
b) The SNIS report is very important!  We need to crack down and do this.
  We must demonstrate how the hospital management system is going to work,
  and how it might interface with the SNIS.
c) Crank this out, finish and install at Tshikaji for one week in June, do 
  this presentation, then Dedrick can do follow up at Tshikaji.
d) If there is a major crash, send one person up for a couple days.
e) Ben Mambo's financial forms and stuff are all coming out at the end of this
  month.  
f) Manunga's relationship was a faith-based coordinator, but now he is becoming
  a capacity builder and making them report correctly and strengthening their
  programs.  Governance and accountability component of our project, helping the
  government respond to equality and issues at the population level.
g) On the 28th DHIS2 training, led by the development team of the government's 
  programmers.  
