Thoughts on Tshikaji

I will try to break down what I believe are the project priorities and what are
 Tshikaji's needs.

I. Challenges

  We faced a diverse set of challenges at Tshikaji.  These fall into three 
categories: techinical, institutional, and unavoidable.  Techinical and 
institutional challenges can and should be anticipated and avoided in future 
installs in other hospitals.  Unavoidable challenges can only be anticipated.

  Tshikaji already had a technology infrastructure which simplified quick 
operations (installation, networking) but greatly complicated complex operations
(port forwarding, location and responsibility of routers).  Since most of their
technology was purchased through grants and projects, it was bought piece meal,
resulting in a complete lack of uniformity in their hardware.

  We found Microsoft Windows Server 2003 SP3, Windows Server 2008 R1, and a mix
of Windows XP and Windows 7 Desktops.  The BHIMA server is currently running on 
the Windows Server 2008 R1 without difficulty.  BHIMA is designed as a web 
application, so once all clients were outfitted with the latest Chrome Browser,
all clients had no trouble accessing and using the application.  However,
because there was no uniformity in screen size, resolution, and type,
accessibility became a large problem.  Furthermore, some computers had antivirus
while others did not, and the array of software installed on a client varied
from machine to machine, making it slightly harder to navigate the desktops and
caused machines with similar specifications to run at very different speeds.  
Unfortunately, our installation only exacerbated the problems of diverse
hardware - we left a pentium 4 desktop running Debian as Tshikaji server, since
both the hardware and software stack have been vetted as rock solid by our team
and we did not wish to disturb the main Tshikaji server, for fear of changing
sensitive system properties.

  For the most part, diverse network hardware is not a problem.  In Tshikaji's 
case, we found Belkin, Linksys, NewTec, and MikroTik routers and switches 
connected by both CAT5 cabling and fiber. Disorganization was the main challenge
of networking in Tshikaji.  Tshikaji does not have a system adminstrator.  Their
network, with the exception of the fiber optic, is poorly planned and poorly
maintained.  An inexcusable number of cables are strewn from the ceiling,
cables wander from here to there around desks, printers, computers, and books.
There is no rhyme or reason to the set up at PAX. About halfway through out time
at Tshikaji, their network began experiencing connectivity issues.  We were able
to fix it, but this process would have been much easier had dead cables been
pruned, routers ports clearly marked, and better documentation about which
router fed which computers.  From an adminstrative perspective, very few
routers are password protected, even the gateway interfaces.

  However, much of the network hardware is in dire need of replacement.  Very
few switches had all working ports.  The Belkin wireless internet for the admin
building died halfway through out tenure at Tshikaji and was never resurected.

  Tshikaji had its fair share of adminstrative challenges.  Chief amoung those
was reliable business hours, 
